How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    it was easy to look into a smaller file andcomparing line by line

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    you can see changes yu made and help you find out why some changes were made and above all if you made a mistake, you can find it by comarping.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    it is better to do it manually becasue you can save it when the you are sure that your program is in good working conditions. whereas
	automatic save may save it in a state when it was disfuuntional and you have no way to figure it out. There are draw backs too, you may forget to save it
	

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   google docs is just information and usually are do not have interrelated information. Git on the otherhand is specifically for coding
   and involve multiple files like html, css, java, res files, all of these needs to work cohrently and thus need be be updated simultaniuosly.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   i used Git Bash, typing git log was easy, but i was not prepared for the end, it took me a while to understand what it was doing. it only 
   gives you last two commit, and you have to press enter many times to see all the commit. more frusttating part was what to do next, as it was not 
   accepting nay input. the word to type was "q" to quit git log. then i went back to prompt. next challange was with copy and past. aparently either you can usemouse 
   or ctrl + insert for copy and shit+inster for past.
   there is also a commond to make it show in color but for me it was default so i did not use it.
   I couild not use last diigt to make differnces.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    if you have a working version, and saved, then one can make chnages and revert to previous working if something oges bad.
	since we always have a working version, so we are more confident with making changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   I did not really made those extra features as yet, but note pad was already configured for git so, i just typed start notepad++ and it opend the file